COM-1014: Prevent rendering of RichTextBlock without content (#2585)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/wise-mirrors-rescue.md

---
"@comet/cms-site": patch
---

> Prevent rendering of blocks without content
> 
> In order to prevent rendering empty blocks in site and cause unwanted placeholders, the `PreviewSkeleton` returns children only if the wrapped block has content.
> For instance, an empty rich text block would still render a HTML tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent rendering of empty blocks in `PreviewSkeleton`

Previously, in non-preview environments, `PreviewSkeleton` would still render its children, even if `hasChanges` was set to `false`, causing unwanted empty HTML tags in the site.
For instance, an empty rich text block would still render a `<p>` tag.
Now, the children will only be rendered if `hasContent` is set to `true`.
Doing so removes the need for duplicate empty checks.
```
